What happens when two neutron stars smash into each other? AI can now help us find the answer! The scientists over at GSI/FAIR facilities in Germany are using AI with a project called RHINE.

RHINE stands for "r-process heating implementation in hydrodynamic simulations with neural networks".

I feel like that should be RPHIIHSWNN but I guess it's not as catchy as RHINE.

I just learned today, that elements like gold, platinum and uranium are only made from supernovas (collapsing stars) or kilonovas (neutron star mergers).

From MSN:
"The gold in your jewelry and the uranium in nuclear power plants share a common and cataclysmic origin: they were born during collisions of neutron stars in what are called kilonovae. Until now, scientists were unable to simulate these events with enough precision to understand the formation of these heavy elements. A new approach has just unlocked this barrier."

So now we can use that fancy James Webb telescope, point it at exactly the right spot, watch the show and see the gold!

The only simple step left to go collect all those materials is interstellar travel.
Maybe we can ask AI about that too.

Read the full story by Adrien Bernard at MSN:
[An AI to understand where gold, uranium, and all heavy elements come from](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/technology/an-ai-to-understand-where-gold-uranium-and-all-heavy-elements-come-from/ar-AA26F9M1)

Check out the release on the GSI site:
[Understanding neutron star mergers with artificial intelligence](https://www.msn.com/en-us/news/technology/an-ai-to-understand-where-gold-uranium-and-all-heavy-elements-come-from/ar-AA26F9M1)


