Just finished up Vibe Coding by Gene Kim & Steve Yegge.
I can't recommend this book enough.

There are a lot of technical books out there that are either really boring, or written by people who clearly haven't spent their time in the trenches.

This is neither of those. You have Gene Kim, one of the smartest people on earth when it comes to studying and understanding how to measure, analyze, and optimize the way work is done in the tech world. And Steve Yegge who is about as OG as it gets when it comes to someone who paid their dues along the coding trail.

When I was listening to this book (props to David Cui Cui who does a great job narrating) I had some of the similar crisises of faith as when I listened to Phoenix Project and Unicorn Project. In the other books I was yelling at the stereo angrily about how terrible Sarah was or how Maxine got screwed over. For this book I was constantly rewinding to re-listen to some of the mind blowing ideas, or even pulling over so I could write down notes on things to do once I got to the office.

My favorite part about the book is that I've been going through the same journey. I poured myself hard into learning how to write code with AI in the spring of 2025. Started figuring out how to do Spec Driven Development. Started building independent agents to do parallel work. So reading about Gene and Steve walking the same paths really felt great, like I was part of a hero's journey and moving in the right direction.

If you're skeptical about vibe coding. Read the book. And also... it doesn't matter if you're skeptical or not. The future is now.

https://lnkd.in/gqnVKnyb

Vibe Coding: Building Production-Grade Software with GenAI, Chat, Agents, and Beyond
amazon.com